BETBANISH 1.1: CHROME WEB STORE UPDATE
Prepared 7 October 2026

Use the existing BetBanish item. A new listing, OAuth setup, API key,
backend, billing configuration, or developer-account registration is not
needed for these changes. The manifest version is already 1.1.

WHAT IS UNCHANGED

Both v1.0 and v1.1 request only:
  permissions: storage
  host_permissions: <all_urls>

The popup and background service worker do not add permission requests.
The tab URL is available through the existing host permissions. Navigating
the requesting tab does not require a new tabs permission. No additional
permission acceptance prompt is expected from this update.

BEFORE SUBMITTING

1. Complete an installed-extension smoke test.
   The implementation has 69 passing automated tests. The screenshots were
   rendered from the shipped UI with sample Chrome API responses. They do
   not establish that the installed extension has passed end-to-end testing.
   The isolated Chrome test executable failed to launch on this machine.

   Safe manual flow: load the unpacked v1.1 folder in Chrome, save a reminder,
   add example.com in Settings, and visit it in a fresh tab. Confirm the
   reminder appears, Leave this site opens New Tab immediately, and Continue
   only becomes available after 10 seconds. Check the toolbar popup and
   confirm a previously disabled site remains disabled.

2. Check the published privacy policy at the existing public location:
   https://toumari.github.io/BetBanish/privacy.html

   The repository's GitHub Pages deployment follows the master branch.
   After pushing privacy.html and completing that deployment, check that
   the public URL shows 7 October 2026 and the personal reminder section.
   Putting privacy.html in the extension ZIP alone does not update this page.
   The existing policy URL can remain unchanged.

3. Open the existing item in the Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard.
   In Package, upload betbanish-v1.1.zip from the repository root.
   Update the description from store-listing.md and upload the images below.

4. Review and update Privacy practices.
   Google's User Data FAQ explicitly requires disclosure even when data is
   processed or stored only on the user's device. Local storage is not a
   reason to select an unqualified "no user data handled" declaration.

   Actual handling in this build:
   - Current website hostnames; the current tab URL when opening the popup.
     These are used to decide whether to show a pause or offer quick add.
     A browsing-history log is not retained.
   - Site preferences and manually added hostnames, saved in Chrome Sync.
     Chrome may sync those settings through the user's Google account.
   - Optional user-written reminder text, kept in chrome.storage.local.
     It is not synced or sent to the developer. It appears in the page's
     overlay; this is disclosed in the privacy policy.
   - A per-tab dismissal flag in the website's session storage.
   - No analytics, advertising, accounts, payments, or developer servers.

   Dashboard category mapping to review against the live field descriptions:
   - Web history: the domains/URLs read for the pause and popup features.
   - Website content / user-generated text: the optional written reminder.
     The precise category mapping is an implementation-based recommendation,
     not a category ruling supplied by Google. Check the current form wording.
   - Do not claim a full browsing-history log is stored, or that data is sent
     to the developer. Do not select unrelated categories merely because a
     user could type an arbitrary sensitive detail into a text field.

   I have not inspected or changed the actual developer-dashboard selections.

COPY-READY PRIVACY FIELD TEXT

Single purpose:
BetBanish helps people pause and reconsider before visiting gambling sites.
It shows a 10-second pause with spending projections, an optional personal
reminder, and an immediate choice to leave. Users can choose the covered sites.

Storage permission justification:
Stores the user's chosen site list and disabled defaults in chrome.storage.sync
so Chrome can preserve those choices across their synced browsers. Stores the
optional personal reminder in chrome.storage.local on this device only. These
settings are required to show the user's chosen pause experience. No usage
analytics or browsing-history log is stored.

Host permission justification:
Users can add any supported website domain to their pause list. The content
script checks the current hostname locally and shows an overlay only when it
matches that list. The toolbar popup reads the current tab URL to show coverage
and allow the user to add that site's hostname. Paths and queries are not saved.
The extension does not scrape page contents or transmit browsing activity to
the developer. Broad host matching supports the user-configurable site list.

Remote code:
No. All extension JavaScript is included in the uploaded package. The new
background worker is packaged code, not remote code. Support links are normal
outbound links; they do not load scripts into the extension.

Data-use explanation:
BetBanish uses website addresses, site preferences, and optional reminder text
only to provide the pause, coverage, and reminder features. No user data is
sent to the developer. Site preferences can sync through Chrome Sync; reminder
text stays on this device. There is no advertising, sale of data, activity
analytics, or use of data for credit or lending decisions.

Reviewer testing instructions:
Open Settings, enter a short personal reminder, and add example.com. Open
https://example.com in a fresh tab to see the pause without visiting a gambling
website. Leave this site opens Chrome's New Tab page immediately. Continue
anyway becomes available after 10 seconds. Open the toolbar popup on a normal
website to inspect coverage or add that hostname. No login or payment is needed.

LISTING IMAGES

Upload these in screenshot slots, in order:
  01-pause-screen.jpg       1280 x 800
  02-toolbar-popup.jpg      1280 x 800
  03-reminder-settings.jpg  1280 x 800

Upload in the small promotional image slot:
  04-promo-tile.jpg           440 x 280

overview.jpg is a contact sheet for your review; do not upload it as a store
screenshot. The original promo-tile.png is an older asset; use the new tile.

SUBMISSION

Keep the existing visibility, countries, pricing and distribution settings
unless you intend to change them. Save the updated listing and declarations,
then submit this existing item for review. An update goes through a new review;
uploading the ZIP alone does not immediately replace the live version.

Publishing the repository and privacy page does not update the Chrome Web
Store. The developer dashboard and store listing still need the steps above.

OFFICIAL REFERENCES (checked 7 October 2026)

Update workflow:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/update

Privacy fields:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-privacy

Local data handling and privacy policies (questions 3 and 14):
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/program-policies/user-data-faq

Image dimensions:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/images

Tabs API permissions:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/tabs
